Then, half way back,
I'm afraid it's still not peaceful. In this Dragon City,
Without me, Wang Pian, it would be an uneven road,
Today I send you my final journey.
Even if it is a mountain of swords and a sea of ​​fire, it doesn't have the taste.
The reason why Zhang came back this time was mainly because he attended a nearby funeral.
Ah, I don’t believe what the Lord said.
Okay, then you go to Jiachun first, I'll be back soon.
You're going to give it away. I haven't heard of anyone passing away.
Call me to practice at critical moments.
Ring King. Chen Hua. Where is my son's request from you?
The adults want to be caught
There are no stillbirth tracks
When did you two become so bold?
Give someone above me a move
I actually took people there
There are several big noondays in the afternoon
You need to rest